Minor improvements (#373)
CleverCloud/documentation: README.md

Check your Go version, it need to be above go `1.21.1`.

### Install Hugo

Either [install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/) globally in your system or put its [executable](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases) in the projet's root.

### Start locally

> To run the site in your browser, there is a server built in Hugo you can summon with: `hugo server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the site locally, there is a server built in Hugo you can summon with: `hugo server`.
```
